# Description
Fast API backend for evaluating business opportunities in real time. It takes a list of incoming opportunities, decodes which ones are worth pursuing, and once it makes a decision it send the decision via email.

## Tech Stack
Fast API, Pydantic
SMTP, SSl, MIMEText

## Installation
pip install -r requirements.txt

## How to run it
1) Clone the Github repository
2) Make sure you are in app sub directory
3) create a .env file. Look at .env.example for reference. Add sender email, receiver email and sender passowrd.
    Sender password is not your gmail password it is App passwords generated by google for 2FA. Refer to the following link.
    https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords
4) After setting up the env file run the following command:
    pip install -r requirements.txt
   This should install all our requirements
5) Run the following command to start the server:
    uvicorn main:app --reload

## How to use it
After running uvicorn main:app --reload
    You should get following line:
    Uvicorn running on http://127.0.0.1:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
    - click on the localhost link
    - go to the docs page which would be http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
    - click on "POST /opportunity/ Create Opportunity"
    - click on "Try it out"
    - On "Edit value | schema" add a list of opportunities, each opportunity needs an integer value, a string name and a boolean potential. The list should look something like this:
    [
        {
            "value": 256,
            "name": "High Value and potential",
            "potential": true
        },
        {
            "value": 30,
            "name": "Low value and potential",
            "potential": true
        },
        {
            "value": 502,
            "name": "High value no potential",
            "potential": false
        },
        {
            "value": 60,
            "name": "Low value no potential",
            "potential": false
        }
    ]
    - Click execute
    You should get an email.



## My building process:
This was my first time working with Fast API, so I looked at a quick tutorial and learnt abou fast api endpoints and pydantic. I used these to create opportunities, I don't know what data you have or what models you are using so I gave these opportunities three random attributes: name, value, and potential.

I use value and potential to score an opportunity, I did not put much thought in the scoring process, I assumed you would be lookking at the structure more than the calculations. If score is good I add it to a list which is sent to the owner via email.

Setting up the email portion took the most time, partly because I needed to figure out 2FA App passowrds stuff.